c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll.config
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.dll
c:\users\grievous\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll.config
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Owin.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.dll
G:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll.config
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll.config
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll.config
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Owin.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.dll
E:\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\obj\Debug\ETAbsurdV1.pdb
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Magick.NET-Q16-AnyCPU.dll
C:\Users\jay_d\Desktop\ETA\ETAbsurdV1\ETAbsurdV1\bin\Magick.NET-Q16-AnyCPU.xml
